Update 03-sql-joins.md (#251)
datacarpentry/sql-ecology-lesson: _episodes/03-sql-joins.md

To combine data from two tables we use the SQL `JOIN` command, which comes after
the `FROM` command.

Database tables are used to organize and group data by common characteristics or principles.  
Often, we need to combine elements from separate tables into a single tables or queries for analysis and visualization.
A JOIN is a means for combining columns from multiple tables by using values common to each.

The JOIN command combined with ON is used to combine fields from separate tables.  

> An SQL join clause combines columns from one or more tables in a relational database. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> It creates a set that can be saved as a table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

To combine data from two tables we use the SQL `JOIN` command, which comes after
the `FROM` command.

> Earlier, we talked about relational databases.

Reviewer 2: I think I would remove this, it's not clear what the relation is with the next paragraph (are you hinting at normal forms?)

> Earlier, we talked about relational databases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Database tables are used to organize and group data by common characteristics or principles.  
Often, we need to combine elements from separate tables into a single tables or queries for analysis and visualization.

> A JOIN is a means for combining columns from one (self-join) or more tables by using values common to each.

Reviewer 2: I would leave out self-joins. They are not that much of a special case (you can use a single table multiple times even in the multiple-table case).

> A JOIN is a means for combining columns from one (self-join) or more tables by using values common to each.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A JOIN is a means for combining columns from multiple tables by using values common to each.
```

The JOIN command combined with ON is used to combine fields from separate tables.  

An SQL join clause combines columns from one or more tables in a relational database. 

> It creates a set that can be saved as a table.

Reviewer 2: Saving the results of the query as a new table is not that common and goes against normalization. Or do you mean a file, e.g. CSV?
